NPM:
NPM stands for Node package manager.npm is a package manager for the JavaScript programming language.It
is the default package manager for the JavaScript runtime environment Node.js.It consists of a command line client,
also called npm.NPM is the world's largest Software Registry.The registry contains over 800,000 code packages.NPM is free to use.

Packages of npm:
1.Express
Express is the leading Node.js framework for quickly creating and publishing applications, and APIs. The frameworks minimal structure
allows any Node.js developer to quickly launch a functional application with the use of Express Generator.


2.Async.js
Asynchronous JavaScript has rebuilt the way JavaScript content interacts with your web pages, allowing you to increase performance by 
getting rid of render-blocking JavaScript. Render-blocking basically means that any JavaScript content that resides in the “above the
fold” parts of a page will not be loaded, until JavaScript itself has been finished loading in the page. 

3.Request – Simplified HTTP Client
Apps constantly have to deal with external HTTP calls, whether to fetch data, or to load data directly from an external source. Having
a reliable way to do HTTP calls is essential, which is why Request has grown to be the most reliable HTTP Client library of them all. 
With Request, making HTTP calls becomes an easy, secure, and reliable way of accessing external content on the web, in any form imaginable.

4.Browserify:
Browserify allows us to create the kind of client-side codebase that’s organized, structured, and easy to navigate. Anyone can use Browserify 
to create solid components that quickly allocate dependencies according to their use at any particular situation. Node.js projects tend
to stack up on packages, libraries and scripts, and Browserify helps to structure everything neatly together.

5.Grunt:
Grunt provides a ton of plugins that you can use to automate even the most mundane tasks, without any extra effort from your side. And
if you feel that there isn’t a plugin that does what you need, well.. just go ahead and create your own, Grunt lets you publish 
Grunt-specific plugins through NPM.
 
6.PM2:
PM2 offers both process management for production applications, and a load-balancer to help with any possible performance tweaks. With PM2,4
your applications stay online indefinitely, giving you the tools to reload apps without having to experience any sort of downtime.
  
7.Socket.IO:
Socket lets you build truly real-time communication apps that would require real-time streams of content, whether directly from the data 
that you are working with, or through an API that comes from an external source.
  
8.Commander.js:
Commander.js (based on Ruby) is a great solution for creating command-line interfaces without any fuss.
  
9.Mocha
Node.js and the browser, making asynchronous testing simple and fun. Mocha tests run serially, allowing for flexible and accurate reporting,
while mapping uncaught exceptions to the correct test cases. Testing is so important to understand how well the application is
performing.
  
10.Bower
Bower manages your components for you, if they are of JS, CSS, or HTML nature. (Fonts, and visual content works too!) Bower carefully allocates
all the packages that you are using, and then helps you to keep the updated, and regularly checked against any potential risks.
  
11.Underscore
Underscore is popular amongst developers who enjoy more rapid development workflow through the use of programming helpers.
  
12.UglifyJS2
UglifyJS2 trims and minifies your JavaScript files for you automatically. It’s flexible, easy to use, and helps you to gain
those performance margins that you seek.
   
13.Cheerio
Cheerio is a fast, flexible, and lean implementation of core jQuery designed specifically for the server.

14.Passport
Passport is a unique authentication module for Node.js devs. The main goal of Passport is to help with authentication requests,
this Passport achieves through the use of third-party plugins that act as authentication methods.

15.Nodemailer
Nodemailer, a secure framework for doing email management within your Node.js applications. Documentation provides extensive
amounts of samples on how to get Nodemailer to work with SMTP.

16.Hapi
Hapi is a server-framework that will happily assist you in building apps, and services. With Hapi, you can put all of your focus
towards writing the application logic, with a very concise approach.Hapi can be used to build robust APIs, to handle high-load projects
that need to scale.

17.React
React — the most talked about UI framework of modern JavaScript times. Combining React with Node.js makes for an amazingly fast web 
application experience. Developed by Facebook.

18.Karma
Karma is one such tool that does the job of testing beautifully. The reasons to use Karma are long, some of them include: ability to
test your code in the browser, but also cross-browser.
  
19.Pug
Pug is a node templating engine. What is a templating engine? Well, it’s the kind of an engine that helps you to eliminate the need for
writing complex HTML and JS code that could otherwise be shortened down to a more slim, more compact version. 
  
20.Node MySQL
The Node MySQL library is a native implementation of the MySQL Protocol for the Node.js JS Client. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
