Promise Libraries:
Bluebird:
Bluebird is a fully-featured Promise library for JavaScript. The strongest feature of Bluebird is
that it allows you to "promisify" other Node modules in order to use them asynchronously. Promisify 
is a concept applied to callback functions. This concept is used to ensure that every callback function 
which is called returns some sort of value.
Bluebirdd is loaded with features and should be one of the fastest around and with special empathizes on error handling with
good stack traces.

Catiline:
Catiline.js is a JavaScript library all about workers. Workers should make your life easier, not harder, and with Catiline.js
launching a new worker is as simple as calling a function. It works the same across all (modern) browsers.
Formerly known as Communist.js.

ES6 Promise polyfill:
This is a polyfill of ES6 Promise. The implementation based on Jake Archibald implementation a subset of rsvp.js.
The main target of this library is the implementation of the Javascript Promises that are conformance with browser's implementations
and to be minimal as possible in size. So it's strictly polyfill of ES6 Promise specification and nothing more.
It passes both Promises/A+ test suite and rsvp.js test suite.Borrows code from RSVP, but implemented 
according to the ECMAScript 6 specification.

jQuery:
jQuery introduced the Deferred object in the 1.5 version of the library. The Deferred object 
is actually an implementation of the Promise interface. It provides all the features of a Promise,
and in addition, it also allows to create new deferred objects and attach future handlers to
them and resolve them programmatically.

Q:	
A light edition of it can be found in the popular AngularJS framework from Google.
If a function cannot return a value or throw an exception without blocking, it can return a promise instead. 
A promise is an object that represents the return value or the thrown exception that the function may eventually provide.
A promise can also be used as a proxy for a remote object to overcome latency.

kew:
a lightweight (and super fast) promise/deferred framework for node.js.
kew is a lightweight promise framework with an aim of providing a base set of functionality 
similar to that provided by the Q library.
It can be considered as a optimized edition of Q but with a smaller feature set.

Few more Promise libraries  are :
MyDeferred
MyPromise	
Yui
