PROMISES:
A Promise is a proxy for a value not necessarily known when the promise is created. It allows you to associate handlers
with an asynchronous action's eventual success value or failure reason. This lets asynchronous methods return values like 
synchronous methods: instead of immediately returning the final value, the asynchronous method returns a promise to supply 
the value at some point in the future.
Promises can be nested within each other to make code look better and easier to maintain when many 
asynchronous function need to be called at the same time.A promise is immutable in nature if it is once fullfilled or rejected.
A Promise is in one of these states:
pending: initial state, neither fulfilled nor rejected.
fulfilled: meaning that the operation completed successfully.
rejected: meaning that the operation failed.
A pending promise can either be fulfilled with a value, or rejected with a reason (error).
Methods:
1.promise.all(iterable)
2.promise.race(iterable)
3.promise.resolve(value)
4.promise.reject(reason)

A Promise object is created using the new keyword and its constructor. This constructor takes as its argument a function, 
called the "executor function". This function should take two functions as parameters. The first of these functions 
(resolve) is called when the asynchronous task completes successfully and returns the results of the 
task as a value. The second (reject) is called when the task fails, and returns the reason for failure, which is typically 
an error object.
Syntax of a promise:
const myPromise = new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
  // do something asynchronous 
  //   resolve(Value); 
  // or
  //   reject("reason");
});


Advantages of promises:
Promises reduces the number of lines effectively when compared to callback.
promise handle asynchronous program in a better way when compared to callbacks.
promise allows to increase the readablity in the code.
Provides catching mechanism of errors which is not present in callbacks.
